CONTRIBUTING, style-guide: add note for translation guidelines (#20179)
tldr-pages/tldr: CONTRIBUTING.md

> [!TIP]
> When fixing errors in an existing translation, it is suggested to update the page to match the latest version of the English page.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Only translate or update languages you can confidently read and proofread.
> Avoid machine-generated or bulk edits across languages you do not know.

> > When you change an English page, it is fine to leave other languages untouched; native speakers and maintainers will sync them later via the translation dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you change an English page, it is fine to leave other languages untouched; native speakers and maintainers will sync them later by referring to the [translation dashboards](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-maintenance/issues/127).
```

Edit. Noticed the PR got merged, my GitHub mobile app didn't update the status of it before I made this comment, will apply this change in a new PR separately.
